chore(docs): clarify usage of local repositories in validations (#3)
cdk8s-team/cdk8s-validation-plugin-example: README.md

    version: 0.0.5
```

> Instead, if the user has a local repository with the validations to test locally, they can validate the manifests synthesized by cdk8s via the plugins but, in the configuration file (`cdk8s.yaml`) for the `package` key within the  `validations` property we define the path to the 
> local repository holding the validations.
> 
> For example, given the following `cdk8s.yaml` configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the package the user wants to validate has not been published to npm and instead only exists locally, they can specify the file path in the `package` key under `validations`:
```

Author: Sounds good, will get that updated.
